print all counter examples (#341)
IBM/network-config-analyzer: docs/SchemeFileFormat.md

#### <a name="outputconfig"></a>Output Configuration object
The supported entries in the outputConfiguration object are as follows:

| Field           | Description                                                                      | Value                                  |
|-----------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------|
| outputFormat    | Output format specification.                                                     | string [ txt / yaml / csv / md / dot ] |
| outputPath      | A file path to redirect output into.                                             | string                                 |
| outputEndpoints | Choose endpoints type in output.                                                 | string [ pods / deployments ]          |
| subset          | A dict object with the defined subset elements to display in the output          | [subset](#subset) object               |

> | printAllPairs   | Choose if to print all counter peer pairs causing the query result in the output | bool                                   |

Reviewer: I suggest to replace `PrintAllPairs` with something like `FullExplanation`. This will be handy for (future) queries where the explanation might look different.
Note that the explanation is usually more than just a pair of peers. It also shows protocols, etc.

#### <a name="outputconfig"></a>Output Configuration object
The supported entries in the outputConfiguration object are as follows:

| Field           | Description                                                                    | Value                                  |
|-----------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------|
| outputFormat    | Output format specification.                                                   | string [ txt / yaml / csv / md / dot ] |
| outputPath      | A file path to redirect output into.                                           | string                                 |
| outputEndpoints | Choose endpoints type in output.                                               | string [ pods / deployments ]          |
| subset          | A dict object with the defined subset elements to display in the output        | [subset](#subset) object               |

> | FullExplanation | Choose if to print all counter examples causing the query result in the output | bool                                   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| FullExplanation | Choose if to print all counterexamples causing the query result in the output | bool                                   |
```
